[door opens]
[water dripping]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
- What the fuck are we
doing in an ice factory?
You expect us to run our
operation out of here?
- I expect us to
avoid getting caught.
That means operating
in my territory.
- Yeah. why is that exactly?
- This place has
everything we'll need
to print. dry. and pack.
- [exhales loudly]
[shoe scraping]
We're not doing this.
- You made a deal.
- I didn't make shit. He did.
And to be honest. I don't know
what the fuck he was thinking.
- He was probably thinking
that he didn't want you
to get deported.
- Okay. look.
We don't have to like each
other to make this work.
I know she can be an asshole.
but it's the smart play.
[Western music]
[machinery squeaking]
- What's going on?
- Oh. we just wanted to see
if you're up and running yet.
- Um. I'm still setting up.
but I should be ready
to go in a couple hours.
- Give us a minute. yeah?
I know Ah Sahm
thought this deal was
the only way to go.
but I haven't forgotten
that you tried
to dice him and my father.
- Things are different now.
We have enough enemies
outside of Chinatown.
I no longer want to be at
war with my own people.
- Bullshit.
You wanna rule this place.
You've been plotting
since the moment
you climbed into Long Zii's bed.
And you know what?
I respect that.
You scrapped like a motherfucker
to get where you are.
But don't think for a second
that just because I was born
into this. that makes me soft.
'Cause that would be
a big fucking mistake.
- You're right.
My brother and I have a
complicated relationship.
But I would never let that
get in the way of business.
which is why I think we
need to keep an eye on him.
- The fuck are
you talking about?
- I'm sure you've noticed
he's gotten close
with our printer.
Our only printer.
- Yeah. so?
- How well do you know her?
Because she's seen enough to
sink our entire operation.
If my brother were to become
a little too attached.
well. that could
be a big problem.
[music playing]
- [speaking softly]
- [giggles]
[dramatic spaghetti
western music]
♪ ♪
[blade swishes]
- [sharply inhales. exhales]
[chains rattling]
[grunts]
[uneasy music]
♪ ♪
- Anyone tell you you
snore like sick cow?
- [grunts]
- [laughing]
- [groans]
- Already tried that.
[spoon clatters]
- [breathing quickly]
Where are we?
- Train.
- I mean. where are we going?
- Wherever they go to
collect price on your head.
Happy Jack don't like you much.
- It seems to me
he doesn't like you much either.
- So... you tell me.
Where are we going?
- Home.
[laughter]
- Hey. Ah Sahm.
Just. uh. getting Father Jun up
to speed on our new alliance.
- How much do you trust
Mai Ling to hold up
her end of the deal?
- As long as we're offering
something better than war.
we're good.
It doesn't mean I trust her.
- Counterfeiting is risky.
Add to that a partner
you can't count on.
and it's just a matter of time
before the deal goes sideways.
We need to prepare.
- Father Jun knows
a couple of Krauts
who are sitting
on a silver claim
a couple of hours east.
Old-school gangsters
we can work with.
- Work with how?
- Trade fake chop for silver.
We pay them three
times the going rate.
- That's a steep markup.
- It is. but we come away
with something of real value.
something we can count on...
- Mm-hmm.
- More than our partners.
It's a big move.
You two should talk it over.
- I'm sorry. I think
I missed something.
Is Father Jun
running the show now?
- Of course not.
I know you two didn't
always get along. but...
- We led a coup against him.
- But whatever beef we've had.
he's always put the tong first.
- You're talking about
adding another partner.
That's more risk. more exposure.
- It's better than
grabbing our ankles
and waiting for Mai
Link to fuck us.
- [snickering]
- [sighs]
Okay.
- Okay?
- Okay.
- When do you leave?
- We leave tomorrow morning.
What. you thought you
were staying home?
I need a translator.
- I don't speak German.
- And I'm betting those Krauts
don't speak Cantonese either.
You're coming.
- This sounds like
my kind of party.
- You're not coming.
- What?
Why the fuck not?
- Someone has to run this
place while we're gone.
- Oh...
- The men you
kill. who are they?
Enemies?
Friend?
Or maybe family?
- If you wanna get out of
here. feel free to pitch in.
- Better to save energy.
- Then stop wasting it talking.
- What is her name?
Men kill for money or love.
You no care for money.
so what is her name?
[uneasy music]
Chao maybe die because of you.
Deserve to know why.
- We are both in this
mess because of you.
All you deserve is
whatever's waiting for you
at the end of the line.
God willing. that's
a bullet or a noose.
- You are the one wanted
for murder. Agent Lee.
not me.
- You're right. Chao.
Maybe they won't kill you.
Maybe they'll just
keep you in chains
the rest of your life.
God.
- And how long will you be gone?
- Um... a couple days.
Maybe three.
Hey. I'll be fine.
- I'm not worried about you.
There are a thousand ways
that this could go bad.
and I'm in the middle
of all of them.
- That means you're valuable.
No one will touch you.
- Unless your sister
betrays your best friend.
And then I'm a target.
Look. they tried killing
each other before. right.
so what's stopping
them from trying again?
- Right now. they
need each other.
They both need you.
- Lucky me.
[slow music]
♪ ♪
- [sighs]
[bucket thuds]
[chains rattling]
- [groans]
[slurping]
- How long no opium?
- I'm fine.
- [sarcastically] You look fine.
- [groans]
Will anyone notice
you're missing?
- [sighs]
No.
- I thought Chao was
a friend to everyone.
Hm.
- You?
- Abigail.
She won't know how to
find me. but she'll try.
- If she want to find you.
She is Happy Jack's
sister-in-law. no?
Maybe she tell him about bounty.
Maybe they share.
- [scoffs]
Well. not everyone's like you.
- [chuckles]
Like me?
You think you know Chao. hmm?
- I know enough.
I know you'd sell your own child
if you could turn a profit.
And you'd do just about anything
to anyone for the right price.
[slurping]
- [chuckles]
Such a simple point of view.
Like a stupid child.
Money important. sure.
But money is easy.
Deal is what matter.
Deal is everything.
We shake hand.
Now. you not white.
I not Chinese.
Now. we are partner.
You don't like me. so what?
Want to kill me?
Don't matter because
we have deal.
Right deal turn slave into man.
Turn man into...
American. huh?
Enough money. make any
deal. become anyone.
- Pretty picture.
All I see
is a man who has no
loyalties. who has no one.
and stands for nothing.
Now. you like to think
that makes you smart.
In my mind. that
makes you a coward.
- No. that make me free.
- And how's that working out?
- [laughs loudly]
- Mm.
- He's been missing
for two nights now.
It's not like him to stay
out without telling me.
- A man gets his fill of home...
his eye tends to wander.
It was only a matter of time.
- Richard's not
the wandering kind.
- He wandered into
here. didn't he?
[laughs] Looking for his drugs.
- Just tell me you didn't
have anything to do with this.
- I told your idiot cop
that he was putting you
in danger by being here.
Who knows?
Maybe he finally did
the smart thing and left
before getting the
both of you killed.
- Insult him all you want.
Richard's ten times
the man you are.
[tense music]
- If I was you.
I would walk out of
that door right now
before you find out the
kind of man I really am.
♪ ♪
[twangy country music]
- [whistles]
Them Black boys came
through in the end. huh?
Worth every penny we paid them.
Ain't that right. Cousin Richie?
♪ ♪
I got to tell you.
I ain't never seen
such a fancy chink before.
Fucker stinks. too. huh?
- What do we do with him?
- [sniffs]
Why don't we let Mama decide?
♪ ♪
- Bring him here.
I've been waiting a
long time for this day.
What. you got nothing to
say to your Aunt Violet?
- Nothing that would
change anything.
- Don't you talk down to
her. you piece of shit.
You still think you're
better than us. huh?
I say we put him down right now.
- No.
He's gonna suffer
plenty for what he done.
but not till we get
back to Savannah.
We're gonna string you
up from that old oak
you used to climb.
The one where I buried my boys.
- Oh. so it's a
family reunion then?
- What do you know about family?
Your mama lost two
sons in the war.
God rest their souls.
But I reckon you broke
her heart worst of all.
killing your own kin.
And for what?
Some doe-eyed coon
spread her legs for
the first white man
to come along?
- [grunts]
[horse whinnies]
- Chain him up in the wagon.
We've got a long ride ahead.
- But. Mama. what
about the chink?
- Bring him with.
A strong back like his
will come in handy.
- [grunts]
[chains rattling]
[classical music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
[birds chirping]
- You look put off. Mr. Leary.
- There's nothing
but starched shirts
and puckered assholes.
I don't belong here.
- You are the face of
San Francisco labor.
and like it or not. these
are the men who control it.
They need to know who you are.
- It's a fucking party.
- That's right.
So grab a drink and
get comfortable.
- Whiskey.
- Which kind would
you like. sir?
- Do I look like I care?
- He'll have the 18-year.
[glasses clinking]
[whiskey pouring]
- Fucking hell.
- [chuckles]
- Another one of those.
Fill the fucking
glass up this time.
[sighs]
[Western music]
♪ ♪
[horse whinnies]
[sheep bleats]
♪ ♪
- Whoa-hup!
- If you chinks are looking
for work. don't bother.
We're full up.
- You get a lot
of chinks in suits
who want to dig holes for you?
Yeah.
Go tell the Krugers Father
Jun is here to see them.
- Father who?
- Father Jun. from
the Hop Wei tong.
They know him.
- Maybe that's true.
Father Jun from the
hip-whatever-the-fuck.
See. I need to know
what this is about.
The brothers are busy.
- [sighs]
♪ ♪
- They'll make time.
- It's greed. plain
and fucking simple.
And if we don't pass laws
to protect the workingmen.
they'll grind us up till
there's nothing left.
- What did I tell you. William?
If you can abide a
little rough language.
my friend Mr. Leary has
some compelling ideas
about the future
of American labor.
- Indeed.
I can't say I've ever
considered the issue
from that perspective.
- It was because you never
had to work for your money.
You was born right on top of it.
[laughter]
- If you'll excuse
us for a moment.
[clears throat]
Careful not to bite
the hand that feeds.
- A fucker like that
needs to feel the teeth.
- You're not wrong.
and you certainly
made an impression.
But you have to understand.
the wealthy are just
like everyone else.
They operate out
of self-interest.
and they won't
take you seriously
until you're equipped to either
give them something they want
or take away something
they can't bear to lose.
Let me show you.
- [sniffing]
- The money is perfect.
You won't have any
problem passing it off.
- It's all fine and pretty. huh?
Like a... Like a
little tiny sparrow.
[chuckling]
- If the money is so good.
then why not spend it yourself?
- Well. there's a lot
of heat on us right now.
so it's safer outside the city.
- [sniffs]
- [speaking German]
- Papa used to own
a shipping business.
Had a lot of dealing with
Father Jun back in the day.
Then. when I was a boy.
he used to scare the piss
out of me 'cause
that... That eye.
He also killed my dog.
Did he tell you?
My hound. Cecil.
- He didn't mention it.
- Oh. you must ask him about it.
- I will.
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
Uh. you mean right now?
- Oh. yeah.
- Okay.
- [speaking Cantonese]
Cecil.
♪ ♪
- [speaking German]
- [laughs raucously]
- So he didn't kill your dog?
- Oh yes. he did.
With a hatchet.
That creature was
a demon shit. huh?
$0.25 on the dollar.
4 to 1. and you have a deal.
4 to 1.
- Deal.
[dramatic Western music]
- Wunderbar.
[raucous laughter]
[speaks German]
- Thank you. Thank
you very much.
Lovely to see you.
Enjoy the party.
Douglas.
So glad you could make it.
- I was happy to be invited.
Anna's grown into
quite a beauty.
- Thank you.
I'm afraid I haven't
met your guest.
- Oh. this is Dylan Leary.
He represents the
Workingmen's Party.
- Mr. Leary. of course.
Quite a feat you've pulled
off. organizing Irish labor.
- Well. the men will
always come together
under the threat
of a common enemy.
- You're speaking
about the Chinese?
- A lot more than I want to be.
- Mr. Leary and I
share some concerns
about the future of this city.
We'd love to bend your ear
if you're not too busy.
- This is my daughter's
engagement party. gentlemen.
If you wanna discuss politics.
we can schedule
something for next week.
[chamber music playing]
- Arthur seems like
a fine young man.
- Yes. we're quite pleased.
- With an even finer pedigree.
Did you know he's the heir
to the Newhouse
Shipping fortune?
- I did not.
- No doubt Mr. Thayer
worked very hard
to make this marriage happen.
- [scoffs]
- Of course. the whole
thing would fall apart
if the family found
out that Anna is. uh.
damaged goods.
- That's outrageous.
I don't know what kind
of game you're playing...
- The way I hear
it. she had a fling
with one of the servants...
Some dago without
a pot to piss in...
And found herself
in the family way.
Now. this wasn't
the kind of future
that Franklin here had in mind
for his precious little girl.
so he raised the boy as his own.
sparing Anna the
public humiliation
and. of course. protecting
her value as a bride.
- What the hell do you want?
- I want you to think about
what's best for your family.
♪ ♪
- If you had that kind
of dirt on Thayer.
why not use it after
he wins the election?
You'd own him.
- Because. at heart.
Thayer is an honest man.
and I have absolutely no
use for an honest mayor.
♪ ♪
[dramatic Western music]
[indistinct chatter]
♪ ♪
- Thank you.
- Bitte.
- Quite an operation
you got here.
- I accept your compliment.
We employ more than 600
Chinese on our claim.
They work for scraps.
and we get rich.
The American dream. yes?
[both chuckle]
- For someone.
Why a church?
- Well. because
nobody was using it.
You see. the Spaniards...
They came to convert
the savages. but...
[speaking German]
See. the Spanish. they came
to convert the savages.
but the savages
didn't want their God.
so they took their
scalps instead.
And then. the Mexicans.
they killed the savages.
and the Mormons
killed the Mexicans.
So much blood spilt in
the name of God. huh?
And then we discovered silver.
And once. where there was God.
now there's commerce.
You like pussy. yes?
- Um... yeah.
We like pussy.
- Then you must stay the night.
Eat. drink. fuck our women. huh?
We finish business
in the morning.
Good?
- Sure.
- Good.
[speaking German]
- Those crazy fucking Krauts.
I didn't know if they were
gonna shoot us or eat us.
- Neither would
have surprised me.
- To Cecil.
- Mm.
- That fucking dog.
- To Cecil.
- Mm.
Ah.
- Oh.
- [speaking German]
- Valentina wants to know
if she's supposed to
fuck all of you or what?
- Just him.
- [speaks German]
Mm.
- Is she all they got?
- What. is she not enough?
- Fuck you. She might kill me.
- Well. what a way to die.
- [laughs]
- I'll wait if you
want to go too.
- I'm good.
- Yeah. I guess you're
getting all the sticky
you need from our printer.
We'll talk about your
shitty judgment later...
if I survive.
[door closes]
Oh.
[groans]
[tense music]
[speaks Cantonese]
- [chuckles]
- [grunts]
[moans]
- [groaning]
Ah.
- [speaking German]
- Oh.
Oh.
[both moaning]
- Ah.
[headboard banging]
[both shouting]
- I imagine this
must be hard for you.
Having me back.
- If he's happy. I'm happy.
- I'm not sure he is.
Though. to be honest. I
don't think he ever has been.
Young Jun came into this world
full of piss and vinegar.
and he'll probably
leave it the same way.
He needs people around
him he can trust.
Right now. he's not
sure who that is.
- He's got his brothers.
That hasn't changed.
- It's no secret I never
liked you. Ah Sahm.
- Yeah.
- But maybe that's because
I didn't understand you.
- And now you do?
- Better than I used to.
Being torn between
blood and duty...
That's a hard way to live.
- Not as hard as you think.
Mai Ling tried to have
me diced. remember?
- And now we're doing
business with her.
The point is. blood is messy.
I think you care about my
son. but you're unsettled.
And a man in chaos
is chaos first.
- Chaos?
Is that how you see me?
- It's nothing personal.
I was once the same way.
- And what changed?
- I grew the fuck up.
- That good. huh?
- I can't feel my body.
[laughs]
Tell the bartender to
bring another bottle.
- I think it's time I turned in.
I'll see you two in the morning.
- Good night. Dad.
- Night.
Tell me everything.
[both laughing]
- No bullshit. man.
That girl... ooh.
She was like...
I'm not a religious
person or anything.
but I'm pretty damn sure
there was a
spiritual experience.
You know what I mean?
- I really don't.
- Hmm?
- [laughs]
- Oh. whoa.
Oh. oh. I think
she cracked a rib.
Oh.
- [sighs]
- Hey.
I was an asshole before.
You could have let me get on
that boat. but you didn't.
- Yeah. well.
- What the fuck is that?
[distant voices]
- You hear that?
[man grunts]
- [shouting in German]
- [speaks Cantonese]
- [shouting] Hey!
What the hell is going on?
- This is a private
matter. I'm afraid.
- Oh. yeah? Well.
it doesn't look
fucking private to me.
- This half-breed stole
scrip from the general store
and must be taught a lesson.
- Well. I think he
got the message.
[speaks Cantonese]
- Are we going to
have a problem?
[tense music]
- It's up to you.
- What is it?
[speaking German]
What is happening?
[sighs] Mein herren. I think
we should all just relax. yes?
[boy groans]
- I am really. really sorry
that you had to see this.
but. um. larceny
is rampant here.
and my brother is what
you call. um. uh...
- A stickler.
- A stickler for the rules.
- Stickler. huh?
- Perhaps you would like
to go to sleep now. yes?
Tomorrow we all make a
shit-ton of money together.
- Hop away.
[leaves rustling]
[hooves clomping]
[wood creaking]
[wheel rattling]
[loud thudding]
[horse whinnies]
- What the fuck was that?
- Yeah. she's stuck good.
- Mm.
- Gonna have to dig her out.
- Why should we break our backs?
Chinese are known for
their digging skills.
Ain't that right. big boy?
- You. come on.
Start digging.
[chains rattling]
Listen. cocksucker.
You better make yourself useful
or I'm gonna bury you
in these here woods.
I said get to work!
Well. goddamn.
- It looks like this one's
got a history of bad behavior.
Maybe a few more licks
will smarten him up.
- Oh. you're gonna wish
you played nice. huh?
[both grunting]
I will cut your fucking
teeth out one by one.
- Stop.
It seems like you got a
bleeding heart for everyone
but your own kind.
- You've never been my kind.
- Go on. hit him again.
Well. God damn it. Carter.
Shoot his ass.
- [grunts]
- String him up.
Keep your eye on him.
- [breathing heavily]
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
- [breathing heavily]
- Any sign?
♪ ♪
- What are you looking at?
I hate seeing you
swept up in all this.
You were always such
a good boy. Carter.
Always... always smiling.
ever since you were knee-high.
- I ain't a boy anymore.
- No.
I guess it has been a while.
You know. I...
I still remember
teaching you how to swim.
Remember when you
were six or seven.
out at Crawford's ranch?
Do you remember that?
- You need to stop
talking to me.
- And you were holding
on to my shoulder
like your life depended on it.
And you had this terrified
look in the eye. kinda like...
Kinda like you do now.
- Shut up.
I'm warning you.
- But after a few
minutes. you realized
you weren't gonna drown.
You were strong enough
to swim on your own.
And you spent the rest of
the day chasing mudpuppies.
and I don't think I'd
ever seen you so happy.
You were never ever
like your brothers.
You were smarter. kinder.
I always figured
you'd leave home
and get away from all this.
- Yeah. me too.
And then you went and
killed my brothers.
and I had no choice. did I?
And I had to stay
to help Mom and Bo.
- I'm sorry. Carter. I...
you know. I never
meant to hurt them.
It haunts me every day.
and I know I'll have
to answer for it.
But whether I live or die.
you have got to
get away from here.
Get away from her
before she turns you into
something you're not.
- What the hell
is going on here?
- Nothing. Ma.
He was just running his mouth.
- My boys know who they are.
They don't turn on family.
- Damn right.
- Where's the Chinaman?
- Oh. that fucker got away.
- It don't matter. We
got bigger fish to fry.
Fix the wagon.
- Well...
- Now. dammit!
In the meantime. why don't you
show your cousin who you are?
A soft heart won't do you
no favors in this world.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[whip whistles]
- [breathing heavily]
- [whistles]
- A pleasure. as always.
Father Jun of the Hop Wei tong.
Come back in four weeks.
we do it again. yeah?
- Four week we come.
- Mm.
[speaks German]
The good stuff for
the good stuff.
Zum Wohl!
- Yum.
- Boy.
[western music]
♪ ♪
- Mm.
- Those twisted
fucks came through.
And you thought
it was too risky.
- Okay. go ahead. gloat.
You deserve it.
- Damn right I do.
We all do.
- Whoa. whoa. whoa.
[horse whinnies]
- What's going on?
[melancholy music]
♪ ♪
- Ah Sahm.
We got the silver.
Let's just get the
fuck out of here.
- [screaming] No!
No!
[sobbing]
Oh.
- [whispering]
This is our fault.
- Bullshit.
We don't know what happened.
- [crying]
- They wanted us to see him.
See if we do a fucking
thing about it.
- [crying]
- [whispers] I'm sorry.
- He didn't steal anything.
He was a good boy.
♪ ♪
[sobbing]
- Don't be stupid.
This place is our meal ticket.
You go back in there.
and the deal is dead.
you get me?
This is not your fight.
[resolute music]
♪ ♪
- Yes. it is.
- Fuck.
Wait up. man!
♪ ♪
- Stupid fucking onions.
[wind whistling]
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[shouting]
[bullets whizzing]
♪ ♪
- [cries out]
- [growls]
- [grunts]
[grunting. groaning]
[yelling] [knives plunging]
[gunshot]
- It could have been
so easy. Hop Wei.
All you had to do was scurry
back to your little hole!
Now we are in conflict. yes?
[cackles]
- [grunts]
- [shouting]
[glass shattering]
- [grunts]
[doors slam]
- You should know. Hop Wei.
The boy died like my Cecil:
whimpering and lost. wondering
why God had abandoned him.
But in his final
moments. he realized.
He learned what we
all must eventually.
There is no God.
[gun clicks]
[gunshot]
- [breathing heavily]
- Fuck.
- [screams]
[grunts]
- [groans. thuds]
- [yelling in German]
[knife resounds]
- [breathing heavily]
[bones crunching]
- [groaning]
[body thuds]
- [garbled cry]
[rapid gunfire]
[groaning. grunting]
- [screams]
[body thuds]
- [gagging]
- [breathing heavily]
- Are we good in there?
- All good.
- Holy shit.
Where'd you learn
to shoot like that?
- It's a fucking shotgun.
You pick it up and
pull the trigger.
[groans]
- Dad!
- [groaning]
Fu... fucking Kraut clipped me.
[groaning]
- He needs a healer.
- [stammering] I'm fine.
- No. you're not.
- Trust me. I've seen worse.
We need to get away
before more men come.
- We can find a
healer on the way.
- No.
Get me back to Chinatown.
- Come on.
[whip cracking]
- [grunting]
- You took my sons from me.
You cut them down in cold blood
like it was nothing.
Losing a child is
like losing a limb.
The pain never dulls. It
just grows like the...
The roots of a weed
till it chokes out
everything else.
- You ain't done losing them.
- What did you say?
- It's only a matter of time.
Sure. I shot your
boys. and that's on me.
but it was you who put
them in the firing line.
And when it happens
to Bo and Carter.
it'll be you pushing
them there too.
- Son of a bitch.
- Time to end this
once and for all.
I don't want your blood
poisoning the ground
where I laid my sons to rest.
Better you die right
here and rot in the sun
like the dog you are.
- [grunts]
[grunting]
[body thuds]
[grunts]
[skull squishes]
- Down!
- [grunts]
[both breathing heavily]
- You came back.
- I needed horse.
- [exclaims]
[rifle clicks]
- [breathing unsteadily]
- Carter.
Carter. put the gun down.
- What?
So you do me like you done them?
- You put the gun down.
you can walk away.
I promise you.
No. no. no!
[gunshot] [body thuds]
[chains rattling]
[sobbing]
[crickets chirping]
[pensive music]
♪ ♪
[horse whinnying]
[blade swishes]
- [rapping in a
Chinese language]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm